hi everyone its Lane and welcome back to
my bathroom
I apologize her being gone so long my
life has been turned upside down as you
know I lost my mother alone my husband
my best friend all in less than 10
months and it's been a really big
challenge but I trying to be an
inspiration to all of you and I've got
to be an inspiration to myself and I've
been trying it's been difficult I put my
house up on in Florida for sale I'm
going to buy a little bit more updated
little more closer to the beach kind of
house I bought that house in I bought it
basically online in like two days
just for a place to put my furniture
from our Key Largo home and so that
house is up for sale I've been looking
up and down the coast for a different
house and flying back and forth just
really really busy but I wanted to do a
really quick call today first up I'm
gonna do an outfit of the day with this
dress I love this dress
I've been shopping at eight I don't know
how you say it
a ASOS I love their clothes I've just
been gone crazy buying stuff from there
because they're really not expensive but
they're well made and they ship peer
free and these you don't like them you
can ship them back free so let me just
get started okay the first thing what
are the first things that I bought that
I just really really really like I got
in support is a Tom Ford
four out of perfume in neroli Portofino
oh my gosh it's got the cleanest most I
don't know it just smells like a summer
beach day it's absolutely beautiful I
love the smell so much I would highly
recommend it's a little expensive
because it is Tom Ford but it is
beautiful it really is today's makeup I
have on the Sonia Kashuk a palette I
just do the lighter color which you can
see it's about gone here the white or
color then then go up with the team this
this on the lid this transitioning up
the gray and in the black
and that's how I've been doing my eye
makeup lots of winged liner
liner my lipstick today is my Estee
Lauder Cafe rose line and then I fill it
in with my NYX dolly pink really really
basic because I kind of go with a
heavier I like to keep up a lighter lip
okay so back to what I've been wearing
lately I like I said I love ASOS if
that's how you say it but they have
these darling little pencil skirts this
is a size 4 I've lost over 40 almost 45
pounds since my husband passed away and
I really needed to lose it he couldn't
eat so I ate for him he died of throat
cancer so anyway these little skirts
they're like wearing your pajamas I just
a little pencil skirt really really
form-fitting really cute true to size
but with that skirt I like to put these
little bro let's this one is it's just a
little bralette and it's got little
straps
it's the skirt is very high waisted so
when you wear this it just really looks
cute and then I've got a black one just
like the grey one and I wear this little
bra let with it which is cute it's
almost like the old-fashioned
handkerchiefs roof off really really
easy to wear when you wear those it is
so easy to wear I want you to buckle the
other day I haven't even taken the tags
off this but I'm going to wear it I love
this shirt you will too I'm sure it's
got luck you know me if it's pink
glittery and with a bow all over it like
it's my job and that's exactly what this
basic shirt is it's pink and it's very
glittery and it doesn't have a bow but
isn't it adorable
it's I got it at the buckle it's um I
got it in size medium
it's from roar ro8 are and long sleeves
but it's got leopard insides just all
kinds of attention to every kind of
detail you could imagine if I mean if
you like that kind of thing well I'm
going to do is I'm going to wear with
the jeans that I bought from there we're
like a little bra LED under it and
at the waist tie it up like the
old-fashioned way and wear it with these
jeans I got these jeans at the buckle
they were way too expensive but they are
way too cute they are rock survival
they've got all the little doodads on
them I like I said if that's a thing
going down the side I will put these on
an outfit of the day probably not today
I'm on my way to church right now just
lots of detail on these jeans these are
a size 25 which I think equates to a 2
or 4 so I'm going to take you in and do
a really quick out for the day wearing
this dress and some just basic shoes I
have the thing about this dress is you
can put it on you don't need to wear
another thing with it I just because
it's got polka dots at the top blue and
just some some casual heels and I'm
going to take you in right now let's go
okay this is the trans icon is a SOS I
love that fight really I think this
trust was $28 I just cotton very fitting
the very fun to wear got got blue and
white polka dots a sweetheart neckline I
think the shoes are just some strappy
sandals that I've had and got buffy's at
Macy's oh gosh maybe three four years
ago my hands turned up um like it says
so real basic when you work on going to
church but when you were something like
this like wear your pajamas so easy
where I've worn it when I'm flying I
wear when I'm shopping it's so easy to
just fun dress to have to wear and I
wash it I really the washer on hold was
really worried about it because I
thought you know
expensive dress what's going to have to
please the washer on cold
I hung it up to dry just press it just a
tiny little bit it's easy to wear I mean
very busy okay again I want to apologize
for not being on here I've gotten so
many sweet notes and messages from all
of you and I so appreciate them it's
just been a really hard year I'm working
on it my motto these days is I will
figure it out and that's exactly what
I'm doing I'm going to try to start
doing more videos again because I've
missed all of you so much some of the
letters and notes I've gotten from you
just have made me
they've just warm my heart completely I
have the most amazing subscribers that
anyone could ever ask for a want and I'm
not just saying that to say it I'm
saying it because I mean it all of you
make that connection with me and that
connection sometimes on a day where I
don't want to get out of bed I want to
just lay in bed put the covers over my
head and stay there I read those and I
might get your ass out of bed girl and
get with it you will figure it out and I
am so I'm going to do more hauls because
I've been hauling like a freak I take
you places with me I did a I'm going to
show you some videos of houses that I
was looking at in Florida um my house I
put it up for sale and within like two
days has already had several people
interested in it I love that house but
like I said I bought it really quickly
just for a place to stick on my
furniture anyway um I'm kind of rambling
on right now but I just missed all of
you and I hope to see you soon thanks so
much for watching until next time bye